Hey, guys, welcome back.
In the last, you got our websites out of working, but there were a couple of issues here.
First of all, the banner image was not loading.
And if I go to the course's pages, we can see that the page was breaking as well.
Now, let's try to figure out what exactly is the problem.
So videos right click on the banner image to inspect.
And if I go to the network tab, hit refresh.
Once again, we can see that we're trying to load this banner image RPG file, and this is the exact
part where we are trying to load it from.
So we have this a website which is running on local or state one in this case, and then we have the
asset folder within which we have the banner image dropping.
Now if I go back to my code that's right here and if you check out our project folder, we do not really
have a disk folder right now because I had to clean that up.
And if I run NPM so directly without running and being brand dev, it's going to be just outputting
it directly on the browser and sort of maintaining the disk folder in memory.
So that's why we did not see the disk folder here.
So for that, what you can do is you can just control C to stop the dev solo and then we can just clear
the control off and see NPM run dev so that we are able to see what's happening within the folder.
Okay, now we have the folder here.
Now we see that we do not have any folder called assets and that's why we are not able to see that image
and either the image is present or here.
So that's one of the problems.
Now if you go back to the browser, click on courses and check out the course.
Start estimable the courses.
DoorDash HTML was supposed to be in this pages folder and it's not.
So if we go back, it's actually present in the root location and that's why it's not able to locate
that particular file.
Now, one hack to fix this is you can just go ahead, create a new folder called us as pages.
And then if I move this courses start has to implement did I do it on my dev server once again.
So say npm, run, serve, let's just wait for it to start off.
Okay.
We do not really still fix our image, but if I go to the courses page, we actually see that the courses
page is sort of loading and obviously this has happened.
This is not the right way of doing it.
So what is the problem?
So how do we fix it?
We know what is the problem.
So to fix it, we need to basically have a mechanism in which all our references do not break.
So what I mean by references is if I go to my index, start to estimate additional code, not in the
test folder, and if I check on the banner image over here.
So that was the banner image drop.
And your idea is being loaded directly within the email.
And when you load it directly in the email, it's looking at the local reference that is there in your
source directory.
So for fixing this, the ways is one of the reasons you can directly import this file in your JavaScript,
and if you do that, it's automatically going to copy it in the test folder.
So just to quickly show that how it works, I'm just going to be removing this SRT for now and just
give it a MIDI.
Let's call this as banner image.
Okay.
And what we'll do next is go to our index, Sturgis, and just pick up that element.
So I would say concept.
Banner element equals to dollar.
And now you can see that we're using the equator here so it can just make things a little bit quicker.
So it's a banner image and then the first element.
Okay, so we have the banner element.
Now, we also need to be importing the image.
So you can just come on top and say, import.
Bender from Dart Slash asserts and within the assets folder I have this banner dash image Benji.
So say banner dash image and art benji.
Okay, we have the banner image loaded in our JavaScript.
Now we can just go down and then replace the source for it.
So banner element export as I see.
It goes to the better.
Okay, so that's pretty much it.
Now, as soon as I see of the file, you can see that, you know, my Webpack is not able to identify
it.
Now, we have already seen this a couple of times.
Well, this is because it's not able to load that particular asset, which is of image type.
So we can just do a quick configuration change in other files so that it understands the image being
loaded.
So in my Webpack file, I just copy the modules and add another property here.
And this is going to be testing for all the image types.
So we can just replace this and put in the images that are PND, jpeg, jpg and gif or.
However you would like to call it.
And then we also need to be changing the loaders.
So in the loaders we just put in the built in loader and that we do by seeing type.
Asset slash resource.
Okay.
So that's it.
Just save this and just quit our pack and just try to run it once again.
So just remember that whenever you're making any changes to the Webpack config file itself, you have
to stop the pack now.
So it's not going to be picking up all the configuration changes that you do, indeed, the leftover
file itself.
Okay.
So after doing that, we can see our so I started the browser opened up and the image was actually loaded.
Now if I go back to my V is good and there's not going to be any change in our test folder as of now.
But if I just control C and say NPM run dev to see what the updated best folder looks like.
Just give it a second.
And we have the updated folder.
And this time you can see that the image was copied here as well.
So we have the image property added here.
So that looks pretty good.
Things are working pretty well.
But there's still one issue.
What if I just want to be using this image directly in my image?
So instead of adding it in my JavaScript and then loading it or the well, in that case, what do you
need to be doing this?
We need to be sort of copying all the files that are here in the same structure and pasting it in our
test folder.
So how do we do that?
Well, that's going to be very easy using one of the other plugins that we have available and let's
see how we can be doing it using that.
So what are we going to be doing now is I'm going to be sort of removing it from here.
So just remove all the things that we've done.
I'm just going to be leaving it as a comment in case you need it further.
And I'm going to be removing the import as well.
So let's comment that out as well.
Going back to our index start estimate.
I'm going to be adding source over here as well.
So we'll say sources, dart slash a third banner image.
Okay.
So this is back like before and things will not work again.
Now for copying it from the SC folder to our dist folder.
What are we going to be doing this?
We're going to be installing a new plug in.
And since this video is running quite long, let's take a short break and install the new plug in and
see what are the modifications that we need to be doing to develop that file as well.